Update documentation to reflect removal of `--network-plugin` command line parameter in Kubelet 1.24 (#39625)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug/debug-cluster/_index.md

  - Mitigates: Node shutdown
  - Mitigates: Kubelet software fault

 {{<note>}} 

> Starting 1.24, since management of the CNI is no longer in scope for kubelet, the `--network-plugin` command line parameter has been removed from the binary and will throw the following error, if used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Kubernetes 1.24,the kubelet always uses CNI mode for networking. The legacy `--network-plugin`
command line parameter has been removed from the binary. If you try to specify `--network-plugin`, you see:
```

Reviewer 2: > Maybe we should also update https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/troubleshooting-cni-plugin-related-errors/ to mention that the kubelet no longer needs a `--network-plugin` command line argument.

Would mentioning the exact line works fine or should it be modified for [mentioning here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/troubleshooting-cni-plugin-related-errors/)?

Reviewer: You are welcome to decide what approach you prefer.

  - Mitigates: Node shutdown
  - Mitigates: Kubelet software fault

>  {{<note>}} 

Reviewer: Does this need to be a callout?
